MICROSOFT WINDOWS XP HOME EDITION (RETAIL) END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR
MICROSOFT SOFTWARE
Published: June 1, 2004

This End End User License Agreement (EULA) is for informational purposes only.
There is no software accompanying the EULA.

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal
agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and Microsoft
Corporation for the Microsoft software that accompanies this EULA, which
includes computer software and may include associated media, printed
materials, "online" or electronic documentation, and Internet-based services
("Software"). An amendment or addendum to this EULA may accompany the
software. YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS EULA BY INSTALLING,
COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT INSTALL,
COPY, OR USE THE SOFTWARE; YOU MAY RETURN IT TO YOUR PLACE OF PURCHASE FOR A
FULL REFUND, IF APPLICABLE.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE. Microsoft grants you the following rights provided that
you comply with all terms and conditions of this EULA:

1.1 Installation and use. You may install, use, access, display and run one
copy of the Software on a single computer, such as a workstation, terminal or
other device ("Workstation Computer"). The Software may not be used by more
than one processor at any one time on any single Workstation Computer.

1.2 Mandatory Activation. The license rights granted under this EULA are
limited to the first thirty (30) days after you first install the Software
unless you supply information required to activate your licensed copy in the
manner described during the setup sequence of the Software. You can activate
the Software through the use of the Internet or telephone; toll charges may
apply. You may also need to reactivate the Software if you modify your
computer hardware or alter the Software. There are technological measures in
this Software that are designed to prevent unlicensed use of the Software.
Microsoft will use those measures to confirm you have a legally licensed copy
of the Software. If you are not using a licensed copy of the Software, you are
not allowed to install the Software or future Software updates. Microsoft will
not collect any personally identifiable information from your Workstation
Computer during this process.

1.3 Device Connections. You may permit a maximum of five (5) computers or
other electronic devices (each a "Device") to connect to the Workstation
Computer to utilize one or more of the following services of the Software:
File Services, Print Services, Internet Information Services, and remote
access (including connection sharing and telephony services). The five
connection maximum includes any indirect connections made through
"multiplexing" or other software or hardware which pools or aggregates
connections. This five connection maximum does not apply to any other uses of
the Software.

1.4 Remote Assistance/NetMeeting. The Software contains Remote Assistance and
NetMeeting technologies that enable the Software or applications installed on
the Workstation Computer (sometimes referred to as a host device) to be
accessed remotely from other Devices. When you are using Remote Assistance or
NetMeeting (or other software which provides similar functionality for a
similar purpose) you may share your session with other users without any limit
on the number of Device connections and without acquiring additional licenses
for the Software. For Microsoft and non-Microsoft applications, you should
consult the license agreement accompanying the applicable software or contact
the applicable licensor to determine whether use of the software with Remote
Assistance or NetMeeting is permitted without an additional license. As used
above, a session means the experience delivered by the Software similar to
when a user is using the input, output and display peripherals attached to the
Workstation Computer.

1.5 Storage/Network Use. You may also store or install a copy of the Software
on a storage device, such as a network server, used only to install or run the
Software on your other Workstation Computers over an internal network;
however, you must acquire and dedicate an additional license for each separate
Workstation Computer on or from which the Software is installed, used,
accessed, displayed or run. Except as otherwise permitted by the NetMeeting
and Remote Assistance features described above, a license for the Software may
not be shared or used concurrently on different Workstation Computers.

2. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

2.1 Digital Rights Management. Content providers are using the digital rights
management technology contained in this Software ("DRM") to protect the
integrity of their content ( "Secure Content") so that their intellectual
property, including copyright, in such content is not misappropriated.
Portions of this Software and third party applications such as media players
use DRM to play Secure Content ("DRM Software"). If the DRM Software's
security has been compromised, owners of Secure Content ("Secure Content
Owners") may request that Microsoft revoke the DRM Software's right to copy,
display and/or play Secure Content. Revocation does not alter the DRM
Software's ability to play unprotected content. A list of revoked DRM Software
is sent to your computer whenever you download a license for Secure Content
from the Internet. You therefore agree that Microsoft may, in conjunction with
such license, also download revocation lists onto your computer on behalf of
Secure Content Owners. Microsoft will not retrieve any personally identifiable
information, or any other information, from your computer by downloading such
revocation lists. Secure Content Owners may also require you to upgrade some
of the DRM components in this Software ("DRM Upgrades") before accessing their
content. When you attempt to play such content, Microsoft DRM Software will
notify you that a DRM Upgrade is required and then ask for your consent before
the DRM Upgrade is downloaded. Third party DRM Software may do the same. If
you decline the upgrade, you will not be able to access content that requires
the DRM Upgrade; however, you will still be able to access unprotected content
and Secure Content that does not require the upgrade.

2.2 Windows Media Format Software Development Kit ("WMFSDK"). This EULA does
not grant you any rights to use the WMFSDK components contained in the
Software to develop a software application that uses Windows Media technology.
If you wish to use the WMFSDK to develop such an application, visit
http://msdn.microsoft.com/workshop/imedia/windowsmedia /sdk/wmsdk.asp, accept
a separate license for the WMFSDK, download the appropriate WMFSDK, and
install it on your system.

2.3 Internet-Based Services Components. The Software contains components that
enable and facilitate the use of certain Internet-based services. You
acknowledge and agree that Microsoft may automatically check the version of
the Software and/or its components that you are utilizing and may provide
upgrades or fixes to the Software that will be automatically downloaded to
your Workstation Computer.

2.4 Internet Gaming/Update Features. If you choose to utilize the Internet
gaming or update features within the Software, it is necessary to use certain
computer system, hardware, and software information to implement the features.
By using these features, you explicitly authorize Microsoft or its designated
agent to access and utilize the necessary information for Internet gaming
and/or updating purposes. Microsoft may use this information solely to improve
our software or to provide customized services or technologies to you.
Microsoft may disclose this information to others, but not in a form that
personally identifies you.

3. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP. Microsoft reserves all rights not
expressly granted to you in this EULA. The Software is protected by copyright
and other intellectual property laws and treaties. Microsoft or its suppliers
own the title, copyright, and other intellectual property rights in the
Software. The Software is licensed, not sold.

4. LIMITATIONS ON REVERSE ENGINEERING, DECOMPILATION, AND DISASSEMBLY. You may
not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software, except and only
to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law
notwithstanding this limitation.

5. NO RENTAL/COMMERCIAL HOSTING. You may not rent, lease, lend or provide
commercial hosting services with the Software.

6. CONSENT TO USE OF DATA. You agree that Microsoft and its affiliates may
collect and use technical information gathered as part of the product support
services provided to you, if any, related to the Software. Microsoft may use
this information solely to improve our products or to provide customized
services or technologies to you and will not disclose this information in a
form that personally identifies you.

7. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES. You may link to third party sites through the
use of the Software. The third party sites are not under the control of
Microsoft, and Microsoft is not responsible for the contents of any third
party sites, any links contained in third party sites, or any changes or
updates to third party sites. Microsoft is not responsible for webcasting or
any other form of transmission received from any third party sites. Microsoft
is providing these links to third party sites to you only as a convenience,
and the inclusion of any link does not imply an endorsement by Microsoft of
the third party site.

8. ADDITIONAL SOFTWARE/SERVICES. This EULA applies to updates, supplements,
add-on components, or Internet-based services components, of the Software that
Microsoft may provide to you or make available to you after the date you
obtain your initial copy of the Software, unless we provide other terms along
with the update, supplement, add-on component, or Internet-based services
component. Microsoft reserves the right to discontinue any Internet-based
services provided to you or made available to you through the use of the
Software.

9. UPGRADES. To use Software identified as an upgrade, you must first be
licensed for the software identified by Microsoft as eligible for the upgrade.
After upgrading, you may no longer use the software that formed the basis for
your upgrade eligibility.

10. NOT FOR RESALE SOFTWARE. Software identified as "Not For Resale" or "NFR,"
may not be sold or otherwise transferred for value, or used for any purpose
other than demonstration, test or evaluation.

11. ACADEMIC EDITION SOFTWARE. To use Software identified as "Academic
Edition" or "AE," you must be a "Qualified Educational User." For
qualification-related questions, please contact the Microsoft Sales
Information Center/One Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA 98052-6399 or the Microsoft
subsidiary serving your country.

12. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You acknowledge that the Software is subject to U.S.
export jurisdiction. You agree to comply with all applicable international and
national laws that apply to the Software, including the U.S. Export
Administration Regulations, as well as end-user, end-use, and destination
restrictions issued by U.S. and other governments. For additional information
see http://www.microsoft.com/exporting/.

13. SOFTWARE TRANSFER. Internal. You may move the Software to a different
Workstation Computer. After the transfer, you must completely remove the
Software from the former Workstation Computer. Transfer to Third Party. The
initial user of the Software may make a one-time permanent transfer of this
EULA and Software to another end user, provided the initial user retains no
copies of the Software. This transfer must include all of the Software
(including all component parts, the media and printed materials, any upgrades,
this EULA, and, if applicable, the Certificate of Authenticity). The transfer
may not be an indirect transfer, such as a consignment. Prior to the transfer,
the end user receiving the Software must agree to all the EULA terms.

14. TERMINATION. Without prejudice to any other rights, Microsoft may
terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of
this EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the Software and all
of its component parts.

15. LIMITED WARRANTY FOR SOFTWARE ACQUIRED IN THE US AND CANADA. Microsoft
warrants that the Software will perform substantially in accordance with the
accompanying materials for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of
receipt. If an implied warranty or condition is created by your state
/jurisdiction and federal or state/provincial law prohibits disclaimer of it,
you also have an implied warranty or condition, BUT ONLY AS TO DEFECTS
DISCOVERED DURING THE PERIOD OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY (NINETY DAYS). AS TO ANY
DEFECTS DISCOVERED AFTER THE NINETY-DAY PERIOD, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR
CONDITION OF ANY KIND. Some states/jurisdictions do not allow limitations on
how long an implied warranty or condition lasts, so the above limitation may
not apply to you. Any supplements or updates to the Software, including
without limitation, any (if any) service packs or hot fixes provided to you
after the expiration of the ninety day Limited Warranty period are not covered
by any warranty or condition, express, implied or statutory.

LIMITATION ON REMEDIES; NO CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES. Your exclusive
remedy for any breach of this Limited Warranty is as set forth below. Except
for any refund elected by Microsoft, YOU ARE NOT ENTITLED TO ANY DAMAGES,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, if the Software does not
meet Microsoft's Limited Warranty, and, to the maximum extent allowed by
applicable law, even if any remedy fails of its essential purpose. The terms
of Section 17 ("Exclusion of Incidental, Consequential and Certain Other
Damages") are also incorporated into this Limited Warranty. Some states
/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to
you. This Limited Warranty gives you specific legal rights. You may have other
rights which vary from state/jurisdiction to state/jurisdiction. YOUR
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY. Microsoft's and its suppliers' entire liability and your
exclusive remedy for any breach of this Limited Warranty or for any other
breach of this EULA or for any other liability relating to the Software shall
be, at Microsoft's option from time to time exercised subject to applicable
law, (a) return of the amount paid (if any) for the Software, or (b) repair or
replacement of the Software, that does not meet this Limited Warranty and that
is returned to Microsoft with a copy of your receipt. You will receive the
remedy elected by Microsoft without charge, except that you are responsible
for any expenses you may incur (e.g. cost of shipping the Software to
Microsoft). This Limited Warranty is void if failure of the Software has
resulted from accident, abuse, misapplication, abnormal use or a virus. Any
replacement Software will be warranted for the remainder of the original
warranty period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer, and Microsoft will
use commercially reasonable efforts to provide your remedy within a
commercially reasonable time of your compliance with Microsoft's warranty
remedy procedures. Outside the United States or Canada, neither these remedies
nor any product support services offered by Microsoft are available without
proof of purchase from an authorized international source. To exercise your
remedy, contact: Microsoft, Attn. Microsoft Sales Information Center/One
Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA 98052-6399, or the Microsoft subsidiary serving your
country.

16. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. The Limited Warranty that appears above is the
only express warranty made to you and is provided in lieu of any other express
warranties or similar obligations (if any) created by any advertising,
documentation, packaging, or other communications. Except for the Limited
Warranty and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Microsoft and
its suppliers provide the Software and support services (if any) AS IS AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, and hereby disclaim all other warranties and conditions,
whether express, implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, any (if
any) implied warranties, duties or conditions of merchantability, of fitness
for a particular purpose, of reliability or availability, of accuracy or
completeness of responses, of results, of workmanlike effort, of lack of
viruses, and of lack of negligence, all with regard to the Software, and the
provision of or failure to provide support or other services, information,
software, and related content through the Software or otherwise arising out of
the use of the Software. ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE,
QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE.

17. EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES. TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT OR ITS
SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF PROFITS OR CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL INJURY, FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY, FOR FAILURE TO MEET
ANY DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF REASONABLE CARE, FOR NEGLIGENCE, AND
FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY
RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, THE PROVISION OF OR
FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT OR OTHER SERVICES, INFORMATON, SOFTWARE, AND
RELATED CONTENT THROUGH THE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF
THE SOFTWARE, OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS
EULA, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF THE FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
MISREPRESENTATION, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF WARRANTY
OF MICROSOFT OR ANY SUPPLIER, AND EVEN IF MICROSOFT OR ANY SUPPLIER HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

18. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES. Notwithstanding any damages that you
might incur for any reason whatsoever (including, without limitation, all
damages referenced herein and all direct or general damages in contract or
anything else), the entire liability of Microsoft and any of its suppliers
under any provision of this EULA and your exclusive remedy hereunder (except
for any remedy of repair or replacement elected by Microsoft with respect to
any breach of the Limited Warranty) shall be limited to the greater of the
actual damages you incur in reasonable reliance on the Software up to the
amount actually paid by you for the Software or US$5.00. The foregoing
limitations, exclusions and disclaimers (including Sections 15, 16 and 17)
shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, even if any
remedy fails its essential purpose.

19. U.S. GOVERNMENT LICENSE RIGHTS. All Software provided to the U.S.
Government pursuant to solicitations issued on or after December 1, 1995 is
provided with the commercial license rights and restrictions described
elsewhere herein. All Software provided to the U.S. Government pursuant to
solicitations issued prior to December 1, 1995 is provided with "Restricted
Rights" as provided for in FAR, 48 CFR 52.227 -14 (JUNE 1987) or DFAR, 48 CFR
252.227-7013 (OCT 1988), as applicable.

20. APPLICABLE LAW. If you acquired this Software in the United States, this
EULA is governed by the laws of the State of Washington. If you acquired this
Software in Canada, unless expressly prohibited by local law, this EULA is
governed by the laws in force in the Province of Ontario, Canada; and, in
respect of any dispute which may arise hereunder, you consent to the
jurisdiction of the federal and provincial courts sitting in Toronto, Ontario.
If you acquired this Software in the European Union, Iceland, Norway, or
Switzerland, then local law applies. If you acquired this Software in any
other country, then local law may apply.

21. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITY. This EULA (including any addendum or
amendment to this EULA which is included with the Software) is the entire
agreement between you and Microsoft relating to the Software and the support
services (if any) and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous oral or
written communications, proposals and representations with respect to the
Software or any other subject matter covered by this EULA. To the extent the
terms of any Microsoft policies or programs for support services conflict with
the terms of this EULA, the terms of this EULA shall control. If any provision
of this EULA is held to be void, invalid, unenforceable or illegal, the other
provisions shall continue in full force and effect.

Si vous avez acquis votre produit Microsoft au CANADA, la garantie limitée
suivante vous concerne:

GARANTIE LIMITÉE

Microsoft garantit que le Logiciel fonctionnera conformément aux documents
inclus pendant une période de 90 jours suivant la date de réception. Si une
garantie ou condition implicite est créée par votre État ou votre territoire
et qu'une loi fédérale ou provinciale ou État en interdit le déni, vous
jouissez également d'une garantie ou condition implicite, MAIS UNIQUEMENT POUR
LES DÉFAUTS DÉCOUVERTS DURANT LA PÉRIODE DE LA PRÉSENTE GARANTIE LIMITÉE
(QUATRE-VINGT-DIX JOURS). IL N'Y A AUCUNE GARANTIE OU CONDITION DE QUELQUE
NATURE QUE CE SOIT QUANT AUX DÉFAUTS DÉCOUVERTS APRÈS CETTE PÉRIODE DE
QUATRE-VINGT-DIX JOURS. Certains États ou territoires ne permettent pas de
limiter la durée d'une garantie ou condition implicite de sorte que la
limitation ciidessus peut ne pas s'appliquer à vous. Tous les suppléments ou
toutes les mises à jour relatifs au Logiciel, notamment, les ensembles de
services ou les réparations à chaud (le cas échéant) qui vous sont fournis
après l'expiration de la période de quatre-vingt-dix jours de la garantie
limitée ne sont pas couverts par quelque garantie ou condition que ce soit,
expresse ou implicite.

LIMITATION DES RECOURS; ABSENCE DE DOMMAGES INDIRECTS OU AUTRES. Votre recours
exclusif pour toute violation de la présente garantie limitée est décrit
ciaprès. Sauf pour tout remboursement au choix de Microsoft, si le Logiciel ne
respecte pas la garantie limitée de Microsoft et, dans la mesure maximale
permise par les lois applicables, même si tout recours n'atteint pas son but
essentiel, VOUS N'AVEZ DROIT À AUCUNS DOMMAGES, NOTAMMENT DES DOMMAGES
INDIRECTS. Les modalités de la clause "Exclusion des dommages accessoires,
indirects et de certains autres dommages" sont également intégrées à la
présente garantie limitée. Certains États ou territoires ne permettent pas
l'exclusion ou la limitation des dommages indirects ou accessoires de sorte
que la limitation ou l'exclusion cidessus peut ne pas s'appliquer à vous. La
présente garantie limitée vous donne des droits légaux spécifiques. Vous
pouvez avoir d'autres droits qui peuvent varier d'un territoire ou d'un État à
un autre. VOTRE RECOURS EXCLUSIF. L'obligation intégrale de Microsoft et de
ses fournisseurs et votre recours exclusif seront, selon le choix de Microsoft
de temps à autre sous réserve de toute loi applicable, a) le remboursement du
prix payé, le cas échéant, pour le Logiciel ou b) la réparation ou le
remplacement du Logiciel qui ne respecte pas la présente garantie limitée et
qui est retourné à Microsoft avec une copie de votre reçu. Vous recevrez la
compensation choisie par Microsoft, sans frais, sauf que vous êtes responsable
des dépenses que vous pourriez engager (p. ex., les frais d'envoi du Logiciel
à Microsoft). La présente garantie limitée est nulle si la défectuosité du
Logiciel est causée par un accident, un usage abusif, une mauvaise
application, un usage anormal ou un virus. Tout Logiciel de remplacement sera
garanti pour le reste de la période de garantie initiale ou pendant trente
(30) jours, selon la plus longue entre ces deux périodes. À l'extérieur des
États-Unis ou du Canada, ces recours ou l'un quelconque des services de
soutien technique offerts par Microsoft ne sont pas disponibles sans preuve
d'achat d'une source internationale autorisée. Pour exercer votre recours,
vous devez communiquer avec Microsoft et vous adresser au Microsoft Sales
Information Center/One Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA 98052-6399, ou à la filiale
de Microsoft de votre pays.

DÉNI DE GARANTIES. La garantie limitée mentionnée ci-dessus constitue la seule
garantie expresse qui vous est donnée et remplace toutes autres garanties
expresses (s'il en est) mentionnées dans un document ou sur un emballage. Sauf
en ce qui a trait à la garantie limitée et dans la mesure maximale permise par
les lois applicables, le Logiciel et les services de soutien technique (le cas
échéant) sont fournis TELS QUELS ET AVEC TOUS LES DÉFAUTS par Microsoft et ses
fournisseurs, lesquels par les présentes dénient toutes autres garanties et
conditions expresses, implicites ou en vertu de la loi, notamment (le cas
échéant) les garanties, devoirs ou conditions implicites de qualité marchande,
d'adaptation à un usage particulier, d'exactitude ou d'exhaustivité des
réponses, des résultats, des efforts déployés selon les règles de l'art,
d'absence de virus et de négligence, le tout à l'égard du Logiciel et de la
prestation des services de soutien technique ou de l'omission d'une telle
prestation. PAR AILLEURS, IL N'Y A AUCUNE GARANTIE OU CONDITION QUANT AU TITRE
DE PROPRIÉTÉ, À LA JOUISSANCE OU LA POSSESSION PAISIBLE, À LA CONCORDANCE À
UNE DESCRIPTION NI QUANT À UNE ABSENCE DE CONTREFAÇON CONCERNANT LE LOGICIEL.

EXCLUSION DES DOMMAGES ACCESSOIRES, INDIRECTS ET DE CERTAINS AUTRES DOMMAGES.
DANS LA MESURE MAXIMALE PERMISE PAR LES LOIS APPLICABLES, EN AUCUN CAS
MICROSOFT OU SES FOURNISSEURS NE SERONT RESPONSABLES DES DOMMAGES SPÉCIAUX,
CONSÉCUTIFS, ACCESSOIRES OU INDIRECTS DE QUELQUE NATURE QUE CE SOIT
(NOTAMMENT, LES DOMMAGES À L'ÉGARD DU MANQUE À GAGNER OU DE LA DIVULGATION DE
RENSEIGNEMENTS CONFIDENTIELS OU AUTRES, DE LA PERTE D'EXPLOITATION, DE
BLESSURES CORPORELLES, DE LA VIOLATION DE LA VIE PRIVÉE, DE L'OMISSION DE
REMPLIR TOUT DEVOIR, Y COMPRIS D'AGIR DE BONNE FOI OU D'EXERCER UN SOIN
RAISONNABLE, DE LA NÉGLIGENCE ET DE TOUTE AUTRE PERTE PÉCUNIAIRE OU AUTRE
PERTE DE QUELQUE NATURE QUE CE SOIT) SE RAPPORTANT DE QUELQUE MANIÈRE QUE CE
SOIT À L'UTILISATION DU LOGICIEL OU À L'INCAPACITÉ DE S'EN SERVIR, À LA
PRESTATION OU À L'OMISSION D'UNE TELLE PRESTATION DE SERVICES DE SOUTIEN
TECHNIQUE OU AUTREMENT AUX TERMES DE TOUTE DISPOSITION DU PRÉSENT EULA OU
RELATIVEMENT À UNE TELLE DISPOSITION, MÊME EN CAS DE FAUTE, DE DÉLIT CIVIL (Y
COMPRIS LA NÉGLIGENCE), DE RESPONSABILITÉ STRICTE, DE VIOLATION DE CONTRAT OU
DE VIOLATION DE GARANTIE DE MICROSOFT OU DE TOUT FOURNISSEUR ET MÊME SI
MICROSOFT OU TOUT FOURNISSEUR A ÉTÉ AVISÉ DE LA POSSIBILITÉ DE TELS DOMMAGES.

LIMITATION DE RESPONSABILITÉ ET RECOURS.

Malgré les dommages que vous puissiez subir pour quelque motif que ce soit
(notamment, tous les dommages susmentionnés et tous les dommages directs ou
généraux), l'obligation intégrale de Microsoft et de l'un ou l'autre de ses
fournisseurs aux termes de toute disposition du présent EULA et votre recours
exclusif à l'égard de tout ce qui précède (sauf en ce qui concerne tout
recours de réparation ou de remplacement choisi par Microsoft à l'égard de
tout manquement à la garantie limitée) se limite au plus élevé entre les
montants suivants : le montant que vous avez réellement payé pour le Logiciel
ou 5,00 $US. Les limites, exclusions et dénis qui précèdent (y compris les
clauses ci-dessus), s'appliquent dans la mesure maximale permise par les lois
applicables, même si tout recours n'atteint pas son but essentiel. La présente
Convention est régie par les lois de la province d'Ontario, Canada. Chacune
des parties à la présente reconnaît irrévocablement la compétence des
tribunaux de la province d'Ontario et consent à instituer tout litige qui
pourrait découler de la présente auprès des tribunaux situés dans le district
judiciaire de York, province d'Ontario. Au cas où vous auriez des questions
concernant cette licence ou que vous désiriez vous mettre en rapport avec
Microsoft pour quelque raison que ce soit, veuillez contacter la succursale
Microsoft desservant votre pays, dont l'adresse est fournie dans ce produit,
ou écrivez à : Microsoft Sales Information Center, One Microsoft Way, Redmond,
Washington 98052-6399.

The following MICROSOFT GUARANTEE applies to you if you acquired this Software
in any other country: Statutory rights not affected - The following guarantee
is not restricted to any territory and does not affect any statutory rights
that you may have from your reseller or from Microsoft if you acquired the
Software directly from Microsoft. If you acquired the Software or any support
services in Australia, New Zealand or Malaysia, please see the "Consumer
rights" section below.

The guarantee - The Software is designed and offered as a general-purpose
software, not for any user's particular purpose. You accept that no Software
is error free and you are strongly advised to back-up your files regularly.
Provided that you have a valid license, Microsoft guarantees that a) for a
period of 90 days from the date of receipt of your license to use the Software
or the shortest period permitted by applicable law it will perform
substantially in accordance with the written materials that accompany the
Software; and b) any support services provided by Microsoft shall be
substantially as described in applicable written materials provided to you by
Microsoft and Microsoft support engineers will use reasonable efforts, care
and skill to solve any problem issues. In the event that the Software fails to
comply with this guarantee, Microsoft will either (a) repair or replace the
Software or (b) return the price you paid. This guarantee is void if failure
of the Software results from accident, abuse or misapplication. Any
replacement Software will be guaranteed for the remainder of the original
guarantee period or 30 days, whichever period is longer. You agree that the
above guarantee is your sole guarantee in relation to the Software and any
support services.

Exclusion of All Other Terms - To the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law and subject to the guarantee above, Microsoft disclaims all warranties,
conditions and other terms, either express or implied (whether by statute,
common law, collaterally or otherwise) including but not limited to implied
warranties of satisfactory quality and fitness for particular purpose with
respect to the Software and the written materials that accompany the Software.
Any implied warranties that cannot be excluded are limited to 90 days or to
the shortest period permitted by applicable law, whichever is greater.

Limitation of Liability - To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law
and except as provided in the Microsoft Guarantee, Microsoft and its suppliers
shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever (including without limitation,
damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business
information or other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use or inability to
use the Software, even if Microsoft has been advised of the possibility of
such damages. In any case Microsoft's entire liability under any provision of
this Agreement shall be limited to the amount actually paid by you for the
Software. These limitations do not apply to any liabilities that cannot be
excluded or limited by applicable laws.

Consumer rights - Consumers in Australia, New Zealand or Malaysia may have the
benefit of certain rights and remedies by reason of the Trade Practices Act
and similar state and territory laws in Australia, the Consumer Guarantees Act
in New Zealand and the Consumer Protection Act in Malaysia in respect of which
liability cannot lawfully be modified or excluded. If you acquired the
Software in New Zealand for the purposes of a business, you confirm that the
Consumer Guarantees Act does not apply. If you acquired the Software in
Australia and if Microsoft breaches a condition or warranty implied under any
law which cannot lawfully be modified or excluded by this agreement then, to
the extent permitted by law, Microsoft's liability is limited, at Microsoft's
option, to: (i) in the case of the Software: a) repairing or replacing the
Software; or b) the cost of such repair or replacement; and (ii) in the case
of support services: a) re-supply of the services; or b) the cost of having
the services supplied again.

Should you have any questions concerning this EULA, or if you desire to
contact Microsoft for any reason, please use the address information enclosed
in this Software to contact the Microsoft subsidiary serving your country or
visit Microsoft on the World Wide Web at http://www.microsoft.com.

